Grandma, this is brown sugar and eggs.
Supplement Grandpa Tang's body
Brown sugar eggs
How many days do we have left?
What are you doing with such a precious thing?
Nonsense this is good stuff
I'll make it for you.
Wait, grandma
You have to cook the eggs before you can put the brown sugar.
Eat undercooked eggs
susceptible to Salmonella
It's dangerous.
What is sterilization?
It used to be fine
Don't scare people, you stinky girl
Xiaoyuan, how do you know about Salmonella?
Have you ever studied medicine?
I used to live next to the health center at home
I have an aunt who works there
Take me in often
I know some
So you know a lot about hygiene?
I told him just now
I used to be a teacher.
Stinky Laojiu threw a professor at Fu University in his early years
I studied ancestral medicine.
Opened a library, Professor Fu
What about grandma?
He is from this village
Just a landlady
The land of this village and the villages next door
They all belong to his family
His father works in a bank in the provincial capital
After the business flourished, he went to study in the UK
We met at a horse race.
Study in the UK
So awesome
Old yellow calendar
What else do you do for those
It turns out that the most uneducated person in the audience is me
Don't say that
You are the most
Don't you read books and prepare for exams every night?
You peek at me
You both live in my bed
So what's the secret?
Xiao Yuan, you also miss books
If you don't dislike it
I'm an old man.
I am willing to accept you as a closed disciple, do you think so?
Is it really okay?
You're crazy, your bunch of students and disciples
Make you what you are now
You forget that's different
Xiaoyuan is different from them
He is a good girl in his heart
Besides, I have to have a legacy at my age.
Not to mention
I saw Xiao Yuan
Reminds me of the days when we were studying together
Okay, okay.
Anyway, I can't persuade you
You old man who defends people, stinky girl
You heard me.
Dare to let him down
I'm the first one not to find you.
How about Xiao Yuan
You don't want to
Of course I would.
I'm just afraid I'll be too stupid.
Is the children's clothing man here?
Ah, here it is.
Secretary Li will pass